Hey, did you pull thís repository?
If that's right, here are your instructions.
First, create a virtual disk using the command truncate -s 100M disk.img.
Next, format it to the ext4 filesystem using the command: sudo mkfs.ext4 disk.img.
If you're interested in advanced disk partitioning, you can explore that on your own.
The next step is to create the mnt directory: mkdir mnt
Why not use the /mnt directory? Answer: Because I like to.
After that, use the command: "mount disk.img mnt" to mount it to the mnt directory we just made.
Once it's mounted, you can extract the rootfs.tar.gz file by running: sudo tar xvf rootfs.tar.gz

Next, copy all the contents from basesystem into your mnt directory using the command: sudo cp -r basesystem/* mnt/

While you could chroot into it on your own, I won't be going into that in this guide.

After that, you'll need to unmount the directory using: sudo umount mnt

You'll need to install QEMU, though I won't cover the installation here since there are so many different distributions.
Once QEMU is installed, you can use this command to boot up your virtual machine:

qemu-system-x86_64 -kernel precompiled/bzImage -hda disk.img -append "root=/dev/sda rw init=/sbin/init" -m 512M -net nic -net user,hostfwd=tcp::2222-:8022

After booting, you'll see a login screen. Enter root as the username and 123456 as the password.

Should you wish to SSH into it, just open a new terminal and execute the command: ssh baoanh@localhost -p 2222. You'll need to confirm 'yes' and then type in the password 123456.

Make sure to just type poweroff. Don't use the -f option or shut down the VM with Ctrl + C, because doing so could very likely lead to data loss.

To add new packages, you'll use apk add, and to update your repositories, just run apk update.

Should you wish to install GRUB, that's something you'll have to look into yourself, as this guide focuses on simpler steps and won't cover it.
Finally, have fun with your crappy system!

------ BAO ANH ------
